To switch our application over to being autowired by constructor,
I'm going to go ahead and comment out this constructor argument that we have on
line 11 and go to our bean definition and just say autowire,
and I can now choose constructor inside of here.
If I save this, our application is now set up to be autowired by a constructor.
Let's switch over to our Application.java and run this again.
And it should perform just like we expect it to and it does.
You can put a log statement in there if you want to
inspect it a little bit further,
but all we had to was change our applicationContext to now
specify that it was autowire by constructor.
Let's look at what that looks like in the Java code.
So we had done this in our other application.
I've gone ahead and opened it up a new window.
To put that @Autowired on there, we do the same thing on line 22.
Now because of its location, it's saying that,
by default,
it has to be done as constructor based because that's the
only way it can do that on that constructor.
If we move it down to that setter, then we can choose the different types.
Likewise, we can do the same thing in our XML application.
Let's look at what that looks like now in our code.
Switching this to use the setter,
I'm just going to go ahead and change this to byType and
go over to our SpeakerServiceImpl.
Everything's already set up here.
We have a default no argument constructor on line 12.
If we didn't have that, it would fail.
And we already have our setter defined on line 24.
And since we're doing this byType, the name on line number 24 doesn't matter.
So let's go back to our code and run this,
right-click main, Run, and you'll see our application runs.
We've got it set up to do byType.
We can actually even change it to byName and save that.
Because we are referring to the SpeakerService,
and we have a bean named speakerRepository,
it's going to do setSpeakerRepository,
which is the method name inside of our SpeakerServiceImpl.
Let's run it again.
Should work for us as well.
Right-click and say Run Application.
It succeeds.
Let's show it to you failing.
If you remember when we first created our SpeakerServiceImpl,
this was called setRepository.
So I'm going to save that.
I'm going to go back to my applicationContext and make sure it's byName.
It is.
There is not a setter named setSpeakerRepository.
We have our setter defined on line 24 as setRepository.
I just changed that.
I'm going to save all of this, go back to my applicationContext,
and this should fail.
Right-click and say Run Application.main,
and it fails, and the reason it fails is that it can't wire that up.
It's not been wired correctly.
You'll notice it's a runtime exception,
so that can be a little bit cryptic to debug is that it's just telling
us on SpeakerServiceImpl line 21 that it's null.
Well, it's null because it was never injected correctly.
It didn't wire those beans up.
It just failed and went ahead and proceeded on running.
To change that to where it would work,
we can go back to our applicationContext and change this to byType,
and save this,
and when I run our application because it's looking
for the type not by the name, it will succeed.
There you go.
ByType will look at the class type,
which our SpeakerServiceImpl did have a method that took a SpeakerRepository,
and we had defined a bean of speakerRepository on line 7.
Those lined up, but if I had the names wrong,
it can be a little bit more brittle.
I liked names because I like to name all of my beans and I think it's a cleaner,
better example of doing it.
If you have an error, you should know pretty quickly.
Even though it can be a little bit cryptic to debug,
I think it's a better choice for you,
but you see how byType will go through and wire those beans up for you,
and you're guaranteed to only have one instance.
I can't have multiple SpeakerRepositoryImpls in here or it wouldn't inject it correctly.